I %$#@ing hate grids. That's all. Well, maybe not all. That is to say, I struggled immensely trying to understand the formatting of grids. Every innocuous change resulted in catastrophic rearrangement of all the pages elements. I fail to understand in what capacity the grid-template-areas settings did anything meaningful since I regularly had to manually set which grid-column and grid-rows each element should take up. Perhaps there was some conflicting property that took precident over the grid-template-areas that I failed to notice. 
```Notes from the future!!```
I found a typo in the grid-template-areas that broke things which were fixed by jamming them into specific spaces. I'm going to fix them and push it so you'll probably see the corrected stuff by the time you go to grade it. navebar != navbar. Everything works a lot better when there's no silly typos, turns out. 

So anyway I used a Grid to format the first part of the site people will see that includes a header at the top, the Hero section, a sidebar to promote advertisement beside the hero section, and a navigation bar below below that will link people to the following sections of the site. The layout is.... terrible and unintuitive but in hours of messing around, watching tutorials, and inspecting elements of other sites to glean info and constantly rearranging the layout and specifics of this grid, I needed to just be done with it and here is where we landed. The journey was as fun as it was frustrating though so I regret nothing!

I used a flexbox to display a bunch of images I've drawn over the years on the insides of pizza boxes. I want to learn to add mouse-over functionality that will display the images in their original size but that is perhaps slightly outside the scope of this project and my remaining time to work on this considering there is much more work to be done on other aspects. 

I hope you enjoy the results of this learning endeavor and pray it not strain your eyes too much! 